Add docs for how `Array#sample` is surprising (#4836)
sorbet/sorbet: website/docs/tenum.md

```ruby
sig {returns(Suit)}
def random_suit
  T.cast(Suit.values.sample, Suit)
end
```

> The `T.cast` is necessary because of how

> > [Sorbet behaves with `Array#sample`](faq.md#sigs-are-vague-for-std-lib-methods-that-accept-keyword-arguments--have-multiple-return-types).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [Sorbet behaves with `Array#sample`](faq.md#sigs-are-vague-for-stdlib-methods-that-accept-keyword-arguments--have-multiple-return-types).
```
